All right.
Welcome back.
Sister.
So it's time for us to start creating pretty you or else so right now the way we have it is that every
time we click on this view post we see the post-boy we only see the ID of the polls right.
So what we need to do is we need to go here and send the log out instead of the ID.
But the problem is that if you go to two Ph.D. My out men show you right now problem is that we don't
even have a slug for that yet.
All right now.
So why don't we going updated and see what happens.
So right now by default this package if we go to our admin and update it it's back to work update now
refresh.
And as you can see right now some really cool polls is separated by a high fence.
Does this slug.
Does it title.
Separated by the Slogger by hyphens.
Now you could do this by default Clarabell without having to install a package.
But the problem with this is with a default functionality Clarabell is that every time you create a
post with the same name.
Basically it keeps creating posts with the same name over and over again.
All right.
And so that's the problem with the full functionality Falasha bill.
You could however you see if you go to for example let me just explain it to you and a little by showing
you SDR slogger.
All right.
So if you look for this in your best friend Google you can see that this is a helper function in an
hour.
All right.
So I'm going to look for it right here as the slug.
So right now while this function this method this function could do is it takes the whatever name string
you give it and you can separate it by the hyphen.
Right.
Basically it's like replace functionality.
So you could grab the title when you are saving it so let's say for example let's go to our controller
I'm impulse controller.
So for example when you are creating the name here let's
let's use them right here when you're storing it.
All right.
Right here with your story and what you could do is you can graph the I don't know the title.
Right.
And you can use that function as your slog.
All right.
And like this.
And now automatically you have this letter where you have to of course separated by this automatically
you have this title now separated by hyphens and then you can put that in the slot column in your database
.
All right.
So you could do that but like I said before you keep making If you key if you create a duplicate it
keeps creating that duplicate over and over again.
And with this package that we are actually using slogan Vote right now and probably in the future they're
going to be a lot more.
Every time you create I know if they say here they did the show say it every time you create a new duplicate
is going to create it.
All right here as a matter of fact you see that every time you create a duplicate title.
All right you get it it's going to create a second.
It's going to give you a number after it.
So we're going to give you for a duplicate for the first title.
Once you create a topic it's going to give you the number one the next one is going to be number two
.
Number three number four or five.
So it was it will never be a duplicate inside your application.
All right.
So as a matter of fact right here this is where it is.
As you can see you have the first one normal.
The second one will be a duplicate of one.
The second will be the third one with the duplicate number two.
Hopefully that makes a little bit more sense now.
Right.
But anyway I think I got we got a little sidetracked out of the air out of what we were doing and.
All right.
So we have created our configuration it's time for us to start making use of this.
So I'm going to close so this right now because I'm going to about to show you some.
As a matter of fact already.
Let's go back to this real quick and make sure that we don't have that there.
Didn't get creative is all right.
Should I make a mistake and left that input there.
All right so let's take all this out.
Sorry for the site.
So being side on this guys for getting sidetracked but I wanted to actually explain to you why we are
using that baggage instead of using Lavell default functions.
All right.
So let's go to our viewers real quick
resources views.
Let's go to our admen pose and then it's right here.
All right.
So right here what we're doing is we are we have this link right here that every time we click it view
pause is going to send that to our home Depot's route.
And that's in the front of our application.
But we are actually using.
We are sending the ID with it what we're going to be doing is with now we are going to be sending this
log.
Right and now when we go to our controllers go to trollers and no one controller and we created this
.
It's actually it's own where it click here.
We had to find that post method right here.
All right cool.
So instead of looking for fine or fail ID what we need to do is find a slug.
So I'm just going to change the name.
We don't have to.
But I wanted to make it you know so that way we know what we are finding right.
So we're going to be using Find a slug.
And there are all other functions here that you can use from this tree from this class find by slug's
find by slug or fail as a matter of fact let's find.
Let's do that so we get an exception where you can you can do fine by a slug or id or find by local
ID or fail is up to you.
I'm going to use this one fine by slug or fail.
All right.
So now if we go to our admen right here and we refresh this to this real quick refresh here and then
we click View Polsce you can see you're pretty you're on top.
All right.
Very simple guys.
So now every time you create Let's just go ahead and create a different one.
Another cool post let's put some images there.
My javascript cores which is really good for those of you that have not that do not know javascript
you should know javascript guys are right is a requirement to be a developer so make sure that you know
I love this dispose of this was.
All right.
And now we click View polls and you can see that pretty you're on top right.
So I hope this was an eye opener for you and I hope you liked the course very much.
A few have not given this course a five star review.
What are you waiting for guys.
Really you waiting for me to have more lectures.
That's going to happen anyway.
All right.
Anyway if you have not subscribe to our Facebook group make sure you do if you like Facebook.
You don't have to.
But you know we you know there's a lot of people that I help our lots.
If you have any issues there you know this stuff Facebook Facebook people are on the phone all the time
and they had a Facebook application there and so if you want more help that's available to you right
.
The link is in that announcement.
Take care and I'll see you in the next.
Extra Extra lectures